{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fmodern\fcharset77 Courier-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10380\viewh11980\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qc

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Paper Folder Icons 2.0
\f1\b0 \
by David Catmull\

\f2\i http://www.uncommonplace.com/
\f1\i0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Going against the trend of metallic and shiny-plastic folder icons, I decided to try my hand at a more realistic material. After all, this is what most real folders look like.\
\
The thing that prompted me to do this was the realization that Apple's folder icon does not follow most of Apple's own icon design guidelines. Here are some quotes from the 
\f3\i Aqua Human Interface Guidelines
\f1\i0 :\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-20\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'d2The angles and shadows used for depicting various kinds of icons are intended to reflect how the objects would appear in reality.\'d3\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-20\ql\qnatural

\f3\i \cf0 ...in real life, a folder does not stand up on its edge.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-20\ql\qnatural

\f1\i0 \cf0 \
\'d2Icons that represent actual objects should look they are made of real materials.\'d3\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-20\ql\qnatural

\f3\i \cf0 ...real folders are normally made of some kind of thick paper material, not ribbed and transparent plastic.
\f1\i0 \
\
\'d2Avoid using Aqua interface elements in your icons\'d3\

\f3\i ...the ribbed and transparent materials also violate this guideline, copying the stripes from Aqua window backgrounds and the blue from the buttons.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\f1\i0 One thing that wasn't completely clear was the correct perspective for a folder icon. As far as other "file system object" icons go, disks use the angled top-down view, and files are straight-on. Neither one seemed to work well for folders, so I decided to match the angle used in application icons. The perspective didn't quite look good though, especially at smaller sizes, so I kept the rotation but reduced the perspective to just a couple of degrees.\
\
These icons have been carefully crafted to fit in with the other standard Aqua icons. If you can think of 
\f3\i anything
\f1\i0  I can do to improve them, I'd love to hear it. Send feedback to me at uncommon@uncommonplace.com.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 Update notes
\f1\b0 \
I eventually decided that the icons had come out a little too fuzzy, especially the small sizes. The base icons and many of the badges were tweaked, and I also added Favorites, New, and Open to allow for a complete folder makeover with Iconfactory/Panic's CandyBar.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f3\i \cf0 Technical details:
\f1\i0 \
These icons were created using Adobe Photoshop and Icon Machine (also available from my site). Except for the pictures and the "user" image, everything was done using clipping paths, a bit of text, and layer effects.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\fs22 \cf0 Paper Folder icons \'a92002 David Catmull. These icons are free for personal use only. The Paper Folders package may be redistributed only as a whole, including this file. Iconfactory logo used with permission.}