{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fmodern\fcharset77 Courier-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11200\viewh12820\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qc

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Paper Folder Icons - Set 2
\f1\b0 \
by David Catmull\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qc

\f2\i \cf0 http://www.uncommonplace.com/
\f1\i0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
The first paper folder set (which also had a second release, so don't get confused!) was mainly intended to replace the standard set of OS X system icons. This second set adds a little variety: more colors, more badges, and a few random, made-up applications. I also tweaked the smaller sizes yet again.\
\
I tried to make this set a mix of normal folder types plus a few more unusual ones. If there are any more that you'd like to see, let me know, and I just might make a third set.\
\
The fictitious application icons were first inspired by Safari - I don't really like the compass icon, so I decided to make my own. And then I just kept going. I like the variety they add to the set.\
\
These icons were created in Photoshop using lots of shape layers and effects - in fact, except for a couple of layer masks, everything is vectorized. Icon files were created using my own Icon Machine.\
\
Any comments, questions, or suggestions can be mailed to me at 
\f2\i uncommon@uncommonplace.com
\f1\i0 , or posted in the forum: 
\f2\i http://www.uncommonplace.com/forums/
\f1\i0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\fs22 \cf0 \'a92003 David Catmull, all rights reserved. These icons may be freely copied for personal use only.}