{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 Geneva;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 CodeWarrior X
\f1\b0  Icons
\f2\fs24 \

\f1 \'a9 David Catmull 2002\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Here they are - the CodeWarrior document and plugin icons, re-tooled to match the Aqua standards. Unofficially, of course. Unlike the original icons, which use fancy 3D effects, these icons were done entirely using Photoshop's shape layers and layer effects, all piled on top of the standard Aqua icons... except of course for the folders.\
\
One obstacle I ran into in creating the plugin icons was that I couldn't find a blank plugin icon to work from. At first I just took what I could find - iTunes plugin icons and such - and did my best to erase their elements and create an approximation of the real thing. Then the Aqua Icon Kit was released, which helped, though for mysterious reasons the kit only included the 128x128 version of the plain plugin icon. Finally, I stumbled across a folder in OS X 10.2 called SystemIcons.bundle, which included various generic .icns files. One of these was called KEXT.icns, which was actually a blank plugin icon, despite its name. And thus the set was completed.\
\
You may use these icons by pasting them into Get Info windows, or by modifying the resources in the CodeWarrior application. It's up to you.\
\
Visit the web site:\
     
\f0\b http://www.uncommonplace.com/
\f1\b0 \
For questions, comments, etc, visit the forums:\
     
\f0\b http://www.uncommonplace.com/forums
\f1\b0 /\
or e-mail me:\
     
\f0\b uncommon@uncommonplace.com}