{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 EurostileRegular;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 EurostileBold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9400\viewh11580\viewkind0
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 INDUSTRIAL ICONS X  (0.9, May 2, 2001)\

\fs28 by Omid Tavallai   (omid@tavallai.com)\
\
This is an (almost) entirely complete set of replacement icons for Mac OS X.  This is my 1st effort at an Icon set for OS X, so there are a couple of glitches that you will likely notice. First, I'm missing the OS 9-sized icons for Trash and the Generic Removable. Second, you'll see a bit of a white halo around the icons. OOps! This will be fixed in 1.0, I promise..\
\

\f1\b INSPIRATION
\f0\b0 \
This is the rivethead in me coming out. Visions of twisted steel, rust, and burn marks perfectly accompany an evening spent on iTunes listening to the likes of Skinny Puppy, Wumpscutt, or VNV Nation, no? If that's not your thing, pull up Neil Young's "Live Rust"  :P\
\

\f1\b USAGE
\f0\b0 \
To use these icons, simply copy and paste via the "Get Info..." window with either Mac OS 9 or X. To use them as your default OS X system icons, follow the instructions provided at sites like xicons.com and railheaddesign.com\
\

\f1\b LICENSE
\f0\b0 \
These icons are totally & completely free. However, I would appreciate any links you give to my site at 
\f1\b www.tavallai.com
\f0\b0  or as much listening time you can spare at my new commercial-free 'net radio station @ 
\f1\b www.radio1328.com
\f0\b0 .  Distribute freely, but please try to include this ReadMe file. \
I'm unemployed (as of now) and need all the exposure I can get!}
